import mutable globals used in Asyncify pass (#15893)
emscripten-core/emscripten: site/source/docs/porting/asyncify.rst

aware of. Giving it that list tells it that all other JS calls will **not** do
an async operation, which lets it not add overhead where it isn't needed.

Asyncify with Dynamic Linking
#############################

If you want to use Asyncify in dynamic libraries, those methods which are imported

> from other linked modules should be listed in ``ASYNCIFY_IMPORTS``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from other linked modules (and that will be on the stack in an async operation) should be listed in ``ASYNCIFY_IMPORTS``.
```

.. code-block:: cpp

    // sleep.cpp
    #include <emscripten.h>

    extern "C" void sleep_for_seconds() {
      emscripten_sleep(100);
    }

> In the side module, you can compile sleep.cpp in ordinal emscripten's dynamic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the side module, you can compile sleep.cpp in the ordinary emscripten dynamic
```
